[Music]
[Applause]
hi welcome to another video deepseek
just recently upgraded to V3.1 and it's
pretty amazing their models are even
crazier because they open source all
their stuff including model weights
which allows you to have a look at its
inner depths it also allows other
providers to provide things at even
better costs and everything like that
the model is pretty amazing in its own
way and it beats 3.7 sonnet at least for
me the new upgrades are mainly in coding
and mathematics which is amazing and it
automatically does a small chain of
thought in itself to make the responses
better which is what is different
here like if you give it a simple prompt
then it will probably think through it
and give you even better results the API
is even cheaper to use as well this
model literally costs just 27 and
$110 respectively which is just insane
to think
about so I thought that I'd tell you
guys how you can use this model with
Klein and Rode and use it to do anything
you want quite easily just replacing 3.7
Sonnet because there's no need to use it
anymore and you don't need to splurge
money on that either but before we do
that let me tell you about Ninja Chat
ninja Chat is an all-in-one AI platform
where for just $11 per month you get
access to top AI models like GPT40
Claude 3.7 Sonnet and Gemini 2.0 Flash
all in one place i've been using Gemini
for quick research but what's really
cool is their AI playground where you
can compare responses from different
models side by side their mind map
generator is a gamecher for organizing
complex ideas as well the basic plan
gives you 1,000 messages 30 images and
five videos monthly with higher tiers
available if you need more use my code
king 25 for 25% off any plan or king 40
yearly for 40% off annual subscriptions
check the link in description to try it
yourself now back to the video now first
of all I'll recommend using Klein as
your coder if you don't want a ton of
features and use R code if you wish to
do some more advanced settings along
with the human relay mode that allows
you to use it with the Deepseek chat
platform and even use it for free which
is kind of amazing as well i'll tell you
about both
now one thing that I also want to
mention is that you can obviously use
the new model through the API and it has
been updated in the DeepSeek chat
endpoint itself but if you don't want to
you can also use it for free with
hyperbolic which gives you some free
credits you should also be able to use
it via the open router free endpoints
although some of the providers might
still provide the older version so keep
that in check and those are the options
for you so let's start with root code
you can just go over to the VS Code
marketplace and download or update the R
code extension if you already have
it now just open it up and you can see
that we have the architect mode and
everything i'll recommend setting up the
stuff like I'm going to show you i
recommend you to use the R1 model as the
architect and V3.1 as the main
coder the R1 model will come in handy
for stuff like planning while the ACT
mode will be better with DeepSeek V3.1
which is kind of
amazing just go over to settings and
here I'll recommend creating a new
profile you can just click this and it
will create a new profile you can then
hit the edit button and rename it to
something that is easily recognizable
for you once done you can select the
DeepSseek provider enter your API key
here and in the model choose the DeepS
chat option here accordingly and this
will point to the new
model now once you've put that in we can
start using it
i recommend creating a new profile
because you can customize the other
settings according to your needs and
you'll also be able to switch profiles
through the main screen as
well i'll also recommend creating
another profile here and keeping the
DeepSeek reasoning model in that profile
as that will be necessary for the way I
show you
next now to use it you have two ways to
use the model the first one is to use
DeepSseek V3 3.1 for all tasks or
there's another option to only use
DeepSseek R1 as an architect and then
use the V3.1 model to implement those
tasks
i'll recommend only using DeepSeek R1 as
an architect and using V3.1 as the main
edit model as that will not only be
cheaper but also allow you to do things
faster because R1 can be a bit slow at
times and V3.1 is actually almost on par
with R1 if not better in coding
so I have this image cropper tool and
I'm going to ask it to add some new
options for me here i'm also going to
keep it in architect mode once we send
it in you'll see that R1 will basically
create a whole detailed plan for us
because as you remember it's a thinking
model and especially good at these kinds
of
tasks now we have the plan here and this
looks pretty good as we liked
now you can either use the same
DeepSseek R1 to implement it but I
wouldn't prefer it as much so what we
can do is just select edit then select
the new DeepSseek V 3.1 model and now we
can ask Deepseek V 3.1 to implement the
stuff as
required once we do that it will start
working on it and if we wait a bit it's
now done as required
so this is pretty good it has done the
stuff according to the architect's plan
if we run it you can see that we have
the stuff as required it's like one of
the best generations here as well
generally you won't get all these
options in one shot so it's super good
for that
if you're facing some kind of error you
can also use Deepseek R1 as it can go
through a chain of thought and make
stuff accordingly which is just
amazing v3.1 is actually better than
Sonnet in most cases for me so that's
amazing and it's also cheaper so that's
cool apart from this you can also use it
with Klein in the same way you can just
go ahead and get it installed and then
in the settings of Klein just get plan
mode setup as R1 and then set up the
edit model as V3.1 as well
accordingly then you can just use it
accordingly as well which is kind of
amazing to see as it is much easier to
use if you use the general
Klein next we can use it with bolt DIY
as well to configure it make sure that
you get it cloned locally or update it
to the latest version with the gitpool
command once done just open it up and
here just configure DeepSseek chat API
as the main coder in the API here and
then you are good to go and use it in
bolt as well if you want to use
hyperbolic then you can also change the
custom endpoint and use it accordingly
with it
so that's quite amazing as well so this
is amazing the new V3.1 is actually
quite amazing and you should surely give
it a try and use it if you wish to
because I think that it is the same or
better than Sonnet while bringing lower
cost that your wallet will thank you
for overall it's pretty cool anyway
share your thoughts below and subscribe
to the channel you can also donate via
super thanks option or join the channel
as well and get some perks i'll see you
in the next video bye
[Music]